Improvements in configuration lists for AC components (#5291)
kyma-project/kyma: components/application-operator/README.md

## Performed operations

Application Operator (AO) performs different operations as a result of the following events:

>  - Application created - the AO installs Helm chart containing all the necessary Kubernetes resources required for the Application to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Application created - the AO installs the Helm chart that contains all of the necessary Kubernetes resources required for the Application to work.
```

>  - Application updated - the AO updates the Status of the Application release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Application updated - the AO updates the Status of the Application Helm release.
```
???

 - Application deleted - the AO deletes Helm chart corresponding to the given Application.

## Usage

 The Application Operator has the following parameters:
 - **appName** is the name used in controller registration. The default value is `application-operator`.
 - **domainName** is the domain name of the cluster. The default domain name is `kyma.local`.

>  - **namespace** is the namespace where the Application charts will be deployed. The default namespace is `kyma-integration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **namespace** is the Namespace where the AO deploys the charts of the Application. The default Namespace is `kyma-integration`.
```

>  - **tillerUrl** is the tiller release server URL. The default is `tiller-deploy.kube-system.svc.cluster.local:44134`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **tillerUrl** is the Tiller release server URL. The default is `tiller-deploy.kube-system.svc.cluster.local:44134`.
```

>  - **helmTLSKeyFile** is the path to the TLS key used for Tiller communication. The default is `/etc/certs/tls.key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **helmTLSKeyFile** is the path to the TLS key used for secure communication with Tiller. The default value is `/etc/certs/tls.key`.
```

>  - **helmTLSCertificateFile** is the path to the TLS certificate used for Tiller communication. The default is `/etc/certs/tls.crt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **helmTLSCertificateFile** is the path to the TLS certificate used for secure communication with Tiller. The default value is `/etc/certs/tls.crt`.
```

>  - **tillerTLSSkipVerify** disables TLS verification in communication with Tiller. The default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **tillerTLSSkipVerify** disables TLS verification in communication with Tiller. The default value is `true`.
```
